{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ball Control Project Code	\
	All files here created by Keenan Rodewald\
	Keenanrodewald@berkeley.edu\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 _1D_Prototype_Controller is the program to be uploaded to the Arduino. \
	It should be well commented within. \
	Required DCMotorControl library be placed within your Arduino Libraries folder. \
\
3D Printer Files\
	Contains STL files for all the critical components that were 3D printed. This includes the single 	spool, an untested double spool design, and the device used for torque tests of the motors. \
\
DCMotorControl\
	Library for easily using an H-Bridge with an arduino. Allows you to drive motor with signed 	integer value and it will take care of all the H_bridge switching \
\
Ball_Dynamics_Script\
	Matlab script used to analyze motor requirements. Starts with an analytical function for the 	required lengths of rope at any given time. This function gets differentiated to find required 	speeds. \
\
motor_serial_input\
	Allows testing of the motors. Input a signed integer value into the serial monitor and the arduino 	will map that to a voltage supplied to the motor. [Note that the motors should always be powered 	from an external power supply ]\
\
\
Instructions for wiring 1D prototype:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Upload desired controller sketch to Arduino, then unplug\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Attach +12 V to the +12V wire coming from the red motor controller H bridge. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Turn on power supply and after a brief delay, everything should begin to operate. \
}